---
layout: post
title: About this website
date: 2019-04-16 19:42:20 +0100
description: In this post I want to expose some of my thoughts about this `website design`. I really like it, it's highly customizable and it's forever free!
img: post-about-website.jpg # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Tech, Jekyll]
categories: [Tech]
author: Giorgio Ughini
---
Since web development has become more complicated, you have to deal with *frameworks*, *CMS*, *deployment*, and *vulnerabilities*. If you need a simple website it might be better remove such complexity with a static website.

## What is a `static` website?

From Wikipedia,
> a static web page is a web page that is delivered to the user exactly as stored, in contrast to dynamic web pages which are generated by a web application.

As you might already have understood, this website is a static website. It's completely open-source and you can find the source code [on GitHub](repo-link).

The thing that I like most in static website is `tranquillity`. You only need to code once (only when you're working on the website), then you could completely forget about it.  
Let's think about a personal blog or a website for a company that doesn't neet to compute complex algorithms into the website, but needs it to advertise, to represent its trademark or to keep in contact with its customers.

Basically, static websites are strongly reccomended for showing a company work and give to customers a solid point where they can find information about it. Static websites are not reccomended to complex sites like e-commerces, or web applications.

But let's dive into some advantage of static website.

## What are the 3 best vantages of a static website?
### It's completely `free`!
....

....

[repo-link]: https://github.com/GiorgioUghini/giorgioughini.github.io
